feat(Sonic): Service Characterization tutorial (#14690)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/tutorial-reporting-data/capture-web-telemetry.mdx

---
title: "Capture the right web telemetry" 
metaDescription: "This guide helps you set up the best telemetry possible to describe the runtime operation of your web services."
redirects:
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/operational-efficiency/sc-implementation-guide
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/operational-efficiency/service-characterization-optimize-web-telemetry-guide/
---

import omaOeScBrowserErrors from 'images/oma-oe-sc_screenshot-browser-errors.webp'
import omaOeScBrowserErrorLog from 'images/oma-oe-sc_screenshot-browser-errorlog.webp'
import omaOeScBrowserGroupedPageViews from 'images/oma-oe-sc_screenshot-poor-pageview-grouping.webp'
import omaOeScBrowserGroupedAjaxRequests from 'images/oma-oe-sc_screenshot-poor-ajax-grouping.webp'

> One of the most important things you can do to maintain a high quality production environment is to make sure you have the web telemetry you need to detect and resolve poor user experience. This guide will show you how to check that you're getting the right data and that your browser monitoring is configured for you to make the most of it. We'll help you ensure that you're:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most important things you can do to maintain a high quality production environment is to make sure you have the web telemetry you need to detect and resolve poor user experience. This guide will show you how to check that you're getting the right data and that your browser monitoring is optimally configured. We'll help you ensure that you're:   
```

Reviewer: Felt a bit long and clunky. Feel free to rewrite or ignore this one

Author: Reworded to hopefully make it less clunky.

1. Getting the most value from the data you're collecting

> 2. Seeing opportunities to optimize

Reviewer: Optimize what?

Author: Weird, something should definitely be there and I've added it in!

3. Able to quickly triage and troubleshoot issues
4. Getting the data you need to create real-time business KPI dashboards

<Steps>
    <Step>
## Tune your browser application naming and sub-account placement [#browser-app-naming] 
First, you'll need to ensure your browser naming and data organization are in place. If needed, you can change the name of your browser application following the [renaming guide](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/rename-browser-apps/). If you have data from multiple environments reporting into one browser application, you can [create new Browser apps](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/installation/install-browser-monitoring-agent/) and update the JavaScript snippet in your pages to report the right app. 

Remember to keep the following in mind as you check your browser monitoring organization:

> 

Reviewer: The bullets below this seem funky. Are the second set meant to be nested?

Author: Reworded to un-funkify, hopefully this is better

1. Web application instrumentation from different environments (dev/qa/production) should report into different Browser applications.  
2. Developers, operations, and product owners can work out the following using sub-account names and Browser application names:
* Which environment a Browser application supports (Such as Dev, QA, and production environments).
* The purpose of a Browser application (customer facing, internal facing, website, website component, region or regions, etc).      
    </Step>
    <Step>

> ## Tune JS errors [#js-errors] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tune JavaScript errors [#js-errors] 
```

Author: Good call

```
Web applications not present in the results don't have JavaScript errors with stack traces. 
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

Use [Segment allow lists](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/group-browser-metrics-urls/) to tune how your AJAX Requests are being grouped.         
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Enable distributed tracing [#distributed-tracing]
Next, enable [distributed tracing in Browser](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-pro-features/browser-data-distributed-tracing/) to help you improve AJAX performance by tracing requests to the backend all the way to the final endpoint. Tracing information is useful for understanding which applications are impacting user experience. You can use this information to address services issues yourself or delegate to the team responsible.         
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Set up deployments [#deployments]
Next, underlyingse NerdGraph to [track changes in your web application](/docs/change-tracking/change-tracking-graphql/) so you can see the impact of changes you make against performance KPIs, conversions, and user engagement.        
    </Step>
    <Step>

> ## Add Custom attributes [#custom]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add custom attributes [#custom]
```

Author: Good call

Use [custom attributes](/docs/data-apis/custom-data/custom-events/report-custom-event-data/#ways) to filter and group data. Custom attributes are optional but provide a lot of value. Below are the most commonly recommended attributes. Many customers add more. 
    </Step>
<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="user-attribute"

>     title="user"

Reviewer: Should these all be wrapped in code?  ``user` `

Author: I'm not sure that's required here since everything is already framed as being an attribute?
